Olivia Hye: I heard that!
Oilvia Hye: I'm going to film that jumping from the top of that towards you, Yves~
Yves: Like doing knee kick!!
(She's doing a joke everytime...)
Olivia Hye: I'm not sure whether I have to do knee kick or jump towards Yves~
(This iconic scene from 'Hi High' music video. Aren't you curious how it was shot?)
Yves: A stunt person is coming...
Yves: However...
Yves: I hope...
Yves: You will do without others to help you
Olivia Hye: Of course I can jump only if you receive me on your own!
(They do high five when there are nothing much to say!)
(Preparing safety equipment)
(And Olivia Hye alike stunt person is performing!)
Olivia Hye: Wow
Olivia Hye: Wow....
Olivia Hye: I don't think I can do it
(Chuu and Go Won came here to show support!
(An overwhelming sound!)
Chuu: You're amazing~
Chuu: We all shook with fear even when we climbed to the first floor~
(Thank you so much for you hard work!)